Who is this callin me this time of morning?!
Oh, Lenny! Oh!
When you're with 'em they don't know what to do wit chu
When you leave 'em, then they act like they can't live without ya
This is the last time I'm answerin this phone

Baby come back (Baby come back!)
You know that I miss you baby (You know that I miss you)
Won't you come back this way again? (Won't you come back this way again?)
I miss you old friend (I miss you old friend)

Baby come back (Baby come back!)
You know that I miss you baby (You know that I miss you)
Won't you come back this way again? (Won't you come back this way again?)
I miss you old friend (I miss you old friend)

I just can't believe that there is
No more left of all of those years
We were the rock of ages, life stared turning pages
Now I can write a thesis on how we fell to pieces
I pray the pain decreases, ceases

Oh, baby come back (Not this time, mmm)
You know that I miss you baby (Not this time baby)
Won't you come back this way again? (Not this time baby)
I miss you old friend (No)
Baby come back (I don't think so)
You know that I miss you baby
Won't you come back this way again? (Oh, ooh)
I miss you old friend (Oh)

See I had an open vision of how we would be living
So free from all dissention, like in our own dimension
We were the model couple, it was like seein double
And then came all the trouble, struggle

Ooh, baby come back (No)
You know that I miss you baby (I really miss you)
Won't you come back this way again? (Back this way again)
I miss you old friend (My baby)
Baby come back (Baby come back)
You know that I miss you baby (Ohhh)
Won't you come back this way again? (No, no)
I miss you old friend

People won't let you be (Won't let you be)
They can't stand to see you happy
They don't want to see nobody happy
Not really, no, not really
They say we're too close to breathe (Too close)
Is that why you chose to leave?
And the jealousy, it was gettin to me
That's why I chose to leave

Baby come back (I don't think so)
You know that I miss you baby (And I don't think so)
Won't you come back this way again?
(I don't think so, I don't think, I don't)
I miss you old friend (I don't think so)
Baby come back (I don't wanna hear it)
You know that I miss you baby (I can't hear it)
Won't you come back this way again?
I miss you old friend (I miss you old friend)

Baby come back (That's just talk, baby)
You know that I miss you baby (That's why I had to walk, baby)
Won't you come back this way again? (He said and she said)
I miss you old friend (and they said, you said)
Baby come back (Baby come back)
You know that I miss you baby (I can't tell)
Won't you come back this way again?
I miss you old friend (I miss you old friend)

All I know is, I don't see no change (Hey!)
(C'mon) And I'm so tired of the PAIN (I miss you, darling)
Girls, do you believe he asked me (Oh)
Was it the talk that made me walk? (oh-oh-oh-oh, baby)
Oh, no, I was influenced, by what he was doin
(C'mon) It wasn't just no talk
(Sho' nuff miss you, baby) I got eyes and I see
I'm so tired, I'm so tired of it
I saw what he was doin to me
Oh yeah, you keep sangin-a, you keep sangin it
You keep playin and uh, ohh Lenny
(Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh, baby)
I've had dreams, I've had dreams